README.md, before:

# CMPG-323-Overview---31924220

# ═══ Project Repository Overview Diagram ═══
![repository overview diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67644109/199455375-fe8b73b8-1654-4023-b88f-3d3b6c6b4702.png)
# ═══ Use of .gitignore Files On Each Project Branch ═══
.gitignore files will be used to exclude any additional, yet unnecesary files from the picture as a whole.
# ═══ Storage of Credentials and Sensitive Information ═══
Credentials and sensitive information would have to be stored securely in order to prevent the information from getting leaked or from falling into the wrong hands.

# ═══ Project 1 ═══
## Link
https://github.com/AndriesBenade/CMPG-323-Overview---31924220.git
## About
This project is about setting up an overview repository that contains information like deadlines, tasks and goals.
## What I did
In this project I started out by creating and setting up the overview repository (which is also this current repository). Next I created the project within the repository that contains deadlines, issues, etc. After creating the project, I populated it with relevant data and information.
## How it went
This project went fairly well and I had a clear understanding of exactly what to do. I did not really struggle with anything, but I did, however find the data capturing to be extremely tedious.

# ═══ Project 2 ═══
## Link
https://github.com/AndriesBenade/CMPG-323-Project-2---31924220.git
## About
This project is about setting up, creating and working with your own API. It also requires me to be able to use and work with Microsoft Azure in order to publish and host certain elements of the project.
## What I did
In this project I started out by creating the repository for Project 2 and setting it up according to the requirments provided to us. Afterwards, I created a project/solution in Visual Studio to serve as the API that I would be working with. Next I created and setup the SQL server as well as the SQL database on Microsoft Azure right after creating a new Microsoft Azure account and linking it with my NWU student account. Next I attempted to publish the API to Microsoft Azure, but I did however have trouble doing this as the required option did not show up.
## How it went
This project did not go very well as I had a lot of trouble understanding what exactly was being expected from us. I did however manage to use and work with Microsoft Azure, but I had trouble working with and creating an API. There is definitely a lot of room for personal improvement in this field for me personally.

# ═══ Project 3 ═══
## Link
https://github.com/AndriesBenade/CMPG-323-Project-3---31924220.git
## About
This project is about working with web apps, repositories, using injections and working with a database as well as creating an app service to publish a web app. The project requires me to be able to work with web apps, Microsoft Azure, injections, GitHub, repositories, as well as controllers.
## What I did
In this project I started by creating a repository for Project 3. After that, I forked the required repository that contained the data I needed to work with and I created a development branch on the forked repository which is the branch I worked on. I then cloned the development branch to my PC and started working on the web app by creating an appsettings.json file and adding required information like the database's connection string (incorrect database connection string) to it. After doing that I used Microsoft Azure to create a new resource group for Project 3 and I proceeded to unknowingly create a new SQL server and -database which I then linked to my web app and then I published the web app for the first time. I noticed that the database did not function correctly and I then realised that I needed to use a provided connection string. After realising that, I deleted the SQL server and -database and replaced the wrong connection string in the appsettings.json file with the correct one. I published the web app again and saw that the database was now connected to the web app. I the proceeded to add tier 1 repository class implementations to my project which I later discarded in order to add tier 2 repository class implementation. After completing the repository classes, I transferred the data access operations to the repository classes and implemented the repository classes into the controller classes. After a final publish, I concluded that my project was completed successfully.
## How it went
This project went fairly well in my opinion. When I started, I had no idea what I was doing, but as I continued to push through, I understood more and knew what to do. All in all, this was a good project.

# ═══ Project 4 ═══
## Link
https://github.com/AndriesBenade/CMPG-323-Project-4---31924220.git
## About
This project is about working with UiPath to create a process that automates something that would normally be completed by a human. In this instance, the process that we had to automate, was using the Connected Office webapp from Project 3 to add data to the database via automation.
## What I did
I started by creating the repository that I was planning to host the solution on. Then I downloaded and installed UiPath Studio as stated by the PDF in order to create and work on the automation process. I then created the process and started adding in the activities that I needed in order to complete the process, starting with the excel activities required to read data from excel into data tables in UiPath. I then added the relevant activities I needed to add in order to automate the interface of the webapp so that the process could insert the data into the database. After completing this, I added the ability for the process to check if records were added to the database and the process would then store the check results in a data table in UiPath which would then be exported back to the excel file after completing the process.
## How it went
I really enjoyed this project and consider automation to be part of my life from this point forward. I could easily say this was one of the most fun projects I had over my entire university experience.

Commit message:

added project 5 info to the readme

README.md, after:

# CMPG-323-Overview---31924220

# ═══ Project Repository Overview Diagram ═══
![repository overview diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67644109/199455375-fe8b73b8-1654-4023-b88f-3d3b6c6b4702.png)
# ═══ Use of .gitignore Files On Each Project Branch ═══
.gitignore files will be used to exclude any additional, yet unnecesary files from the picture as a whole.
# ═══ Storage of Credentials and Sensitive Information ═══
Credentials and sensitive information would have to be stored securely in order to prevent the information from getting leaked or from falling into the wrong hands.

# ═══ Project 1 ═══
## Link
https://github.com/AndriesBenade/CMPG-323-Overview---31924220.git
## About
This project is about setting up an overview repository that contains information like deadlines, tasks and goals.
## What I did
In this project I started out by creating and setting up the overview repository (which is also this current repository). Next I created the project within the repository that contains deadlines, issues, etc. After creating the project, I populated it with relevant data and information.
## How it went
This project went fairly well and I had a clear understanding of exactly what to do. I did not really struggle with anything, but I did, however find the data capturing to be extremely tedious.

# ═══ Project 2 ═══
## Link
https://github.com/AndriesBenade/CMPG-323-Project-2---31924220.git
## About
This project is about setting up, creating and working with your own API. It also requires me to be able to use and work with Microsoft Azure in order to publish and host certain elements of the project.
## What I did
In this project I started out by creating the repository for Project 2 and setting it up according to the requirments provided to us. Afterwards, I created a project/solution in Visual Studio to serve as the API that I would be working with. Next I created and setup the SQL server as well as the SQL database on Microsoft Azure right after creating a new Microsoft Azure account and linking it with my NWU student account. Next I attempted to publish the API to Microsoft Azure, but I did however have trouble doing this as the required option did not show up.
## How it went
This project did not go very well as I had a lot of trouble understanding what exactly was being expected from us. I did however manage to use and work with Microsoft Azure, but I had trouble working with and creating an API. There is definitely a lot of room for personal improvement in this field for me personally.

# ═══ Project 3 ═══
## Link
https://github.com/AndriesBenade/CMPG-323-Project-3---31924220.git
## About
This project is about working with web apps, repositories, using injections and working with a database as well as creating an app service to publish a web app. The project requires me to be able to work with web apps, Microsoft Azure, injections, GitHub, repositories, as well as controllers.
## What I did
In this project I started by creating a repository for Project 3. After that, I forked the required repository that contained the data I needed to work with and I created a development branch on the forked repository which is the branch I worked on. I then cloned the development branch to my PC and started working on the web app by creating an appsettings.json file and adding required information like the database's connection string (incorrect database connection string) to it. After doing that I used Microsoft Azure to create a new resource group for Project 3 and I proceeded to unknowingly create a new SQL server and -database which I then linked to my web app and then I published the web app for the first time. I noticed that the database did not function correctly and I then realised that I needed to use a provided connection string. After realising that, I deleted the SQL server and -database and replaced the wrong connection string in the appsettings.json file with the correct one. I published the web app again and saw that the database was now connected to the web app. I the proceeded to add tier 1 repository class implementations to my project which I later discarded in order to add tier 2 repository class implementation. After completing the repository classes, I transferred the data access operations to the repository classes and implemented the repository classes into the controller classes. After a final publish, I concluded that my project was completed successfully.
## How it went
This project went fairly well in my opinion. When I started, I had no idea what I was doing, but as I continued to push through, I understood more and knew what to do. All in all, this was a good project.

# ═══ Project 5 ═══
## Link
https://github.com/AndriesBenade/CMPG-323-Project-5---31924220.git
## About
This project is about working with Power BI to provide the user with graphical/summarized views of data in order to represent the data in a more informative way that could better aid decision making.
## What I did
I started off by adding going through the project documentation and creating the project repository and cloned it to my computer. Right after doing that I installed Power BI and created the relevant issues for my project repository on my Overview repository to work with the kanban. After setting up the issues, I created the report and the 3 required pages and I also downloaded the excel file that contained the data/sample data. I did not quite understand what to do with the High-Level Metrics page so I skipped it and started creating the required visuals on the Device Monitoring page. I also created 3 different key measures to use throughout the report. After adding the visauls to the Device Monitoring page, I proceeded to add the required visuals to the Device Registration page. I also added some extra visuals on both these pages. At this point I had an idea of what was expected on the High-Level Metrics page so I proceeded to complete that page. The last thing I needed to do now was to insert filtering and update the repository readme file on the Project 5 repository which I did both consecutively.
## How it went
Personally I think that this project went well as I had no trouble working with Power BI and the work was fairly easy to understand.
